the Microtech tanki on - we are all
familiar with the blade design by now
most of the material is taken out in the
pivot in the middle of the handle which
means there's a bit more weight on the
end of the handle also the blade has had
some holes put in it near the pivot area
which takes off a little weight here
which means there's a bit more in the
tip of the blade here which helps
balance it out a little bit now pivots
I'm not too much a fan of they do use
focus here no but you can see the little
pin sticking out there in the middle a
little safety Torx bit so I am NOT a fan
of it's not a bit that I have just lying
around the house now the ends of the
handles do fall just shy of being at a
perfect weight and because so aerials do
tend to be a little unpredictable
I love the last design they did on here
so it's not too plain and it's not too
intricate aníbal allows easy roll in the
fingers if you're doing any kind of
light strop what I do not like is this
roll pin holding it in place you have to
completely disassemble the knife if you
want to lanch off which of course void
your warranty so heaven forbid you lose
a screw and you have to send it back now
any any kind of chaplains or rolls with
this knife it all flows very well but if
I'm doing any kind of multiple rolls
with any finger it does require a bit of
an extra push to keep that momentum
going now it comes to fainting in
ladders this knife is perfect because of
the light handles it allows for very
easy manipulation of the knife even
though ladders like the aerials they
tend to be a little predictable
unpredictable rather just because of the
way to the handles if you're not
throwing it just right the the blade
will stick to the inside of the handle
and you won't go very far with it
now tank 2 really does play well with
the a/b because the length and weight
are so similar it's not not too big of a
hassle if your hands have gotten used to
the a B and you switch to the TAC 2 as
opposed to flipping the a/b everyday and
then trying to flip an archangel it's a
big difference there even though sighs
it's the same it's just not as close as
this tank to the cons of a tank - I
don't like the way they handle their
parts if you lose one of the spacer
screws you have to sin the whole knife
bank - Microtech so they can put a screw
in it also you avoid the warranty if you
wish to flip latch lists because taking
this roll pin apart without destroying
the knife does require you to
disassemble the full handle these
annoying safety Torx bits I really I
really don't like them I don't like them
in the horns tin - pinch me a little bit
if I hold it too close here you roll it
shut it catches my finger right in there
now the pros this thing flips great
right out of box weight is near-perfect
even though if these spacers were
slightly larger it'd be right on target
they'd be perfect
the blades stay sharp I've got a bunch
of stuff with it already and it still
tears me up I like the large coil here
in the blade my Darrell Ralph's had that
it allows me to control the blade some
wet when I am holding the bite handle
also it lets me know it's kind of an
early warning sign for when a ring is
about to happen it can't be stopped with
a large coil love that and lastly this
knife is size and the weight we've all
been asking for for knife companies for
years and here comes micro tech out of
the blue with tanking on tooth they did
a fantastic job really proud of those
guys good knife great knife it's been a
pleasure to flip